Ye Qimei, as the chief designer of Jiangzhou
They don't value other designers.
The hard-earned design drawings
Please draw
I think your blueprints are plagiarized through hard work, right?
What do you mean?
My designs are original
It really doesn't give up until the Yellow River
Keep your eyes open.
This is the design of Xueqin
How dare you say you didn't plagiarize?
It turned out that I forgot the blueprint in Luo's living room
Luoxue love actually took it for himself
No wonder he tried to stop me from drawing the blueprints
Li Nannian
Shouldn't you be a designer with your acting skills?
Should be an actor
Mom, you miss her for talking nonsense
This blueprint is clearly drawn by me
Oh, of course Mom believes you.
When a nanny's daughter
How can you paint such a good painting?
Ye Qimei, as the chief designer of Jiangzhou
Can't you see the difference between these two designs?
Don't you?